.github/prompts/.prompt.md, before:

# Lingo Solution

## Introduction

Generate a solution that will enable users to practice learning languages. 
The Solution should include a front-end web-application, at least 1 backend service of REST APIs,
and one database for data persistance.

I will provide the following information:

- Technical Requirements
- User actions
- Key components of the solution
- A list of functional requirements

## Technical Requirements

Frontend should use React and Typescript - optimized for web (on desktop)
Backend should use Dotnet.
Dependency injection should be used.
OpenTelemetry should be used for console logging.
Swagger should be used to help easy testing.
APIs should be documented.
Errors should be handled consistently.
Database can be in-memory for now.
Code should be unit tested (covering edge cases) and should follow engineering fundamentals.
Dev work should be performed in a Dev Container.
CI/CD is not necessary at the moment but the solution should allow for it in the future.
Authentication/Authorization are not necessary at the moment but the solution should allow for it in the future.

## User Actions

As a User:

- I want to have a set of Languages I can use the tool for
- I want to add a Language
- I want to add a category for a language
- I want to add a term consisting of the english language version, its translation, optional notes, and an optional set of categories the word belongs to). Terms should allow for non-ascii characters in the translation (such as Chinese, Hebrew, Arabic, etc). The frontend should layout the translation based on the language's text direction.
- I want to browse the terms in each category
- I want to be able to edit the terms in each category (including the English, the translation, the notes, and the category)
- I want to be able to flag the term as important
- I want to be able to delete terms
- I want to start a review session to review terms (flash-card style) either by category or all terms
- I want to start a test session of N terms to test my knowledge where I am presented with an english term or its translation and I need to select the correct pairing with multiple choice options. 
- I want to see the performance of my past test sessions, identifying which terms I got correct and which I got wrong
- I want to see the accuracy of different terms to see which terms I am good at and which I need improvement
- I want to be able to review or test N recently added terms as well (based on their creation timestamp)
- I want to upload a CSV holding the English language version, its translation, optional notes, an optional set of case-insensitive categories the word belongs to separated by a & (ampersand symbol), and an optional flag (true). Treat duplicates as new terms. See template and example below:

| English | Translation | Notes | Categories | Flag |
|---------|-------------|-------|------------|------|
| Works | עובד |  | Verbs & office | |
| Grows up | גדל | Think "big" | verbs | true |

## Key Components

### Models

Here are some preliminary models I want to use

Language: 
- ID: Guid (primary key) [REQUIRED]
- LanguageName [REQUIRED]

Category:
- ID: Guid (primary key) [REQUIRED]
- CategoryName: (string) display name of the category [REQUIRED]
- Notes: (string) display name of the category [OPTIONAL]
- LanguageID: (guid foreign key) [REQUIRED]

Term:
- ID: Guid (primary key) [REQUIRED]
- English: (string) the term in English [REQUIRED]
- Translation: (string) the term in the target language. Should allow for non-ascii characters in the translation (such as Chinese, Hebrew, Arabic, etc) [REQUIRED]
- Notes: (string) notes describing or hinting the term [OPTIONAL]
- LanguageID: (guid foreign key)
- CategoryIDs: (list of guids - foreign keys) [REQUIRED]
- CreationDateTime: (DateTime) the timestamp when the term was created [REQUIRED]
- UpdatedDateTime: (DateTime) the timestamp when the term was last updated [REQUIRED]
- TestAttemptCount: (Integer) the amount of test attempts at this word (default to zero) [REQUIRED]
- TestCorrectCount: (Integer) the amount of correct attemps during testing of this word (default to zero) [REQUIRED]
- Flag: (Boolean) the importance of the term. useful for browsing and testing important terms [REQUIRED]

TestSession:
- ID: Guid (primary key) [REQUIRED]
- LanguageID: (guid foreign key) the test language[REQUIRED]
- CategoryIDs: (list of guids - foreign keys) IDs for the categories (if any chosen) that will be a part of the session [REQUIRED]
- TermIDs: (list of guids - foreign keys) IDs for the terms that will be a part of the session [REQUIRED]
- SessionLength: (integer) how long the session should be [REQUIRED]
- SessionAttemptCount: (integer) how many terms have been attempted [REQUIRED]
- SessionCorrectCount: (integer) how many terms have been correct [REQUIRED]
- CreationDateTime: (DateTime) the timestamp when the test session was created [REQUIRED]
- IsComplete: (boolean) true if the session was completed. False if the session was not completed. Defaults to false.

TestTerm:
- ID: Guid (primary key) [REQUIRED]
- TermID: (guid foreign key) the id of the term being tested [REQUIRED]
- IsEnglish: (Boolean) if showing the english and asking for the translation. False if showing the translation and asking for the english. [REQUIRED]
- WrongAnswerTermIDs: (list of guids - foreign keys) the ids of the wrong answers provided in the multiple choice [REQUIRED]
- TestTermCorrect: (boolean) true if answered correctly, false if not, null if not answered [OPTIONAL]

### Functionalities

Homepage: User selects a language to work on or Creates a new language to work on.

Once a language is selected a user can either browse or create a test session:

#### Browse

This feature is for a user to browse the categories or terms

- A user can view all categories
- A user can view all terms
- A user can filter/sort terms by category, by creation/update timestamp, by flag, or by testing performance (test correct divided by test attempts)
- While selecting a category, a user can update the category
- While selecting a category, a user can add terms to it
- While selecting a category, a user can select a term
- While selecting a term, a user can edit the term, flag it as important, and even assign/unassign categories
- While selecting a term, a user can delete the term

#### Test

If a user selects to create a test session, they can configure the test session:

- Length: how many terms (N amount or all)
- Categories: which categories to choose from (or category-agnostic)

After configuration, a user can start the session:

- Flashcard is presented showing either the english or the translated term. If there is a note for the term, this is hidden but the user can see if if they click the "See note" button
- User is presented with 3 options showing the corresponding english/translated term: the correct option and 2 wrong options (of the same category if possible, or random if not possible).
- User can click an answer and is either shown "Correct" if the user selects correctly or shown "Wrong" and shown the right answer. The test attempt and correct counts are recorded for the term and the next flashcard appears.
- A user can end the session at any time.
- The user is shown a test report at the end of a test session showing the terms tested which were correct vs wrong.

A user can review past test sessions and see detailed information about the configuration of the sessions, performance, and see which terms were asked and whether the user got the term correct or wrong or skipped.

## Development Process

I would like to test out the solution hosted locally in an iterative process.
Small features are added and I can choose to see the incremental progress.

Commit message:

Update prompt.md to clarify user actions and enhance technical requirements

.github/prompts/.prompt.md, after:

# Lingo Solution

## Introduction

Generate a solution that will enable users to practice learning languages. 
The Solution should include a front-end web-application, at least 1 backend service of REST APIs,
and one database for data persistance.

I will provide the following information:

- Technical Requirements
- User actions
- Key components of the solution
- Notes on Development Process 

## Technical Requirements

Frontend should use React and Typescript - optimized for web (on desktop).
Backend should use Dotnet.
Dependency injection should be used.
OpenTelemetry should be used for console logging.
Swagger should be used to help easy testing.
APIs should be documented.
Code should be well documented
Errors should be handled consistently.
Database can be in-memory for now but should allow for real database connections in the future.
Code should be unit tested (covering edge cases) and should follow engineering fundamentals.
Dev work should be performed in a Dev Container.
CI/CD is not necessary at the moment but the solution should allow for it in the future.
Authentication/Authorization are not necessary at the moment but the solution should allow for it in the future.

## User Actions

As a User:

- I want to add a Language I can use the tool for
- I want to add a category of terms for a language
- I want to add a term consisting of the english language version, its translation, optional notes, and an optional set of categories the word belongs to). Terms should allow for non-ascii characters in the translation (such as Chinese, Hebrew, Arabic, etc). The frontend should layout the translation based on the language's text direction.
- I want to browse the terms in each category or all terms
- I want to be able to edit the terms in each category (including the English, the translation, the notes, and the category)
- I want to be able to flag a term as important
- I want to be able to delete terms
- I want to start a review session to review terms (flash-card style) either by category or all terms
- I want to start a test session of N terms to test my knowledge where I am presented with an english term or its translation and I need to select the correct pairing with multiple choice options. 
- I want to see the performance of my past test sessions, identifying which terms I got correct and which I got wrong
- I want to see the accuracy of different terms to see which terms I am good at and which I need improvement
- I want to be able to review or test N recently added terms as well (based on their creation timestamp)
- I want to upload a CSV holding the English language version, its translation, optional notes, an optional set of case-insensitive categories the word belongs to separated by a & (ampersand symbol), and an optional flag (true). Treat duplicates as new terms. See template and example below:

| English | Translation | Notes | Categories | Flag |
|---------|-------------|-------|------------|------|
| Works | עובד |  | Verbs & office | |
| Grows up | גדל | Think "big" | verbs | true |

## Key Components

### Models

Here are some preliminary models I want to use

Language: 
- ID: Guid (primary key) [REQUIRED]
- LanguageName [REQUIRED]

Category:
- ID: Guid (primary key) [REQUIRED]
- CategoryName: (string) display name of the category [REQUIRED]
- Notes: (string) display name of the category [OPTIONAL]
- LanguageID: (guid foreign key) [REQUIRED]

Term:
- ID: Guid (primary key) [REQUIRED]
- English: (string) the term in English [REQUIRED]
- Translation: (string) the term in the target language. Should allow for non-ascii characters in the translation (such as Chinese, Hebrew, Arabic, etc) [REQUIRED]
- Notes: (string) notes describing or hinting the term [OPTIONAL]
- LanguageID: (guid foreign key)
- CategoryIDs: (list of guids - foreign keys) [REQUIRED]
- CreationDateTime: (DateTime) the timestamp when the term was created [REQUIRED]
- UpdatedDateTime: (DateTime) the timestamp when the term was last updated [REQUIRED]
- TestAttemptCount: (Integer) the amount of test attempts at this word (default to zero) [REQUIRED]
- TestCorrectCount: (Integer) the amount of correct attemps during testing of this word (default to zero) [REQUIRED]
- Flag: (Boolean) the importance of the term. useful for browsing and testing important terms [REQUIRED]

TestSession:
- ID: Guid (primary key) [REQUIRED]
- LanguageID: (guid foreign key) the test language[REQUIRED]
- CategoryIDs: (list of guids - foreign keys) IDs for the categories (if any chosen) that will be a part of the session [REQUIRED]
- TermIDs: (list of guids - foreign keys) IDs for the terms that will be a part of the session [REQUIRED]
- SessionLength: (integer) how long the session should be [REQUIRED]
- SessionAttemptCount: (integer) how many terms have been attempted [REQUIRED]
- SessionCorrectCount: (integer) how many terms have been correct [REQUIRED]
- CreationDateTime: (DateTime) the timestamp when the test session was created [REQUIRED]
- IsComplete: (boolean) true if the session was completed. False if the session was not completed. Defaults to false.

TestTerm:
- ID: Guid (primary key) [REQUIRED]
- TermID: (guid foreign key) the id of the term being tested [REQUIRED]
- IsEnglish: (Boolean) if showing the english and asking for the translation. False if showing the translation and asking for the english. [REQUIRED]
- WrongAnswerTermIDs: (list of guids - foreign keys) the ids of the wrong answers provided in the multiple choice [REQUIRED]
- TestTermCorrect: (boolean) true if answered correctly, false if not, null if not answered [OPTIONAL]

### Functionalities

Homepage: User selects a language to work on or Creates a new language to work on.

Once a language is selected a user can either browse, start a review session, or create/view test sessions:

#### Browse

This feature is for a user to browse the categories or terms

- A user can view all categories
- A user can view all terms
- A user can filter/sort terms by category, by creation/update timestamp, by flag, or by testing performance (test correct divided by test attempts)
- While selecting a category, a user can update the category
- While selecting a category, a user can add terms to it
- While selecting a category, a user can select a term
- While selecting a term, a user can edit the term, flag it as important, and even assign/unassign categories
- While selecting a term, a user can delete the term

#### Review Session

If a user selects to create a review session, they can configure the review session:

- Length: how many terms (N amount or all)
- Categories: which categories to choose from (or category-agnostic)

After configuration, a stack of flash cards is presented in a random order.

- Users can go back and forth through the stack of cards.
- Flashcard is presented showing either the english or the translated term. If there is a note for the term, this is hidden but the user can see if if they click the "See note" button. A "Flip" button toggles between the english and the translated term.
- A user can end the session

#### Test

If a user selects to create a test session, they can configure the test session:

- Length: how many terms (N amount or all)
- Categories: which categories to choose from (or category-agnostic)

After configuration, a user can start the session:

- A stack of N test flash cards appears in a random order.
- Flashcard is presented showing either the english or the translated term. If there is a note for the term, this is hidden but the user can see if if they click the "See note" button
- User is presented with 3 options showing the corresponding english/translated term: the correct option and 2 wrong options (of the same category if possible, or random if not possible).
- User can click an answer and is either shown "Correct" if the user selects correctly or shown "Wrong" and shown the right answer. The test attempt and correct counts are recorded for the term and the next flashcard appears.
- A user can end the session at any time.
- The user is shown a test report at the end of a test session showing the terms tested which were correct vs wrong.

A user can review past test sessions and see detailed information about the configuration of the sessions, performance, and see which terms were asked and whether the user got the term correct or wrong or skipped.

## Development Process

I would like to test out the solution hosted locally in an iterative process.
Small features are added and I can choose to see the incremental progress.
